Update User Guide - Multivariable charts and the text configuration (#9677)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/filtering-layers.md

<img src="../img/filtering-layers/query-panel.jpg" class="ms-docimage" style="max-width:500px;"/>

!!! note

>     For configuring layer filtering in [Widgets](widgets.md) the **Layer Filter** option is only available for [Maps](exploring-maps.md) and not for [Dashboards](exploring-dashboards.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The **Layer Filter** option is only available for [Maps](exploring-maps.md) and not for [Dashboards](exploring-dashboards.md)
```

<img src="../img/filtering-layers/edit_geom.jpg" class="ms-docimage" style="max-width:500px;"/>

!!! note

>      For [Dashboard](exploring-dashboards.md) [widgets](widgets.md) (charts, table and counter) the **Region of Interest** option is called **Area of interest**. With this type of filter the user can define a spatial filter without connecting the widget to the map widget. An example can be the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Also for [Dashboard](exploring-dashboards.md) [widgets](widgets.md) (charts, table and counter) it is possible to define a spatial filter without necessarily connect the widget to the map widget by using the usual **Area of interest** filtering section. The example below sows how:
```

Reviewer: @ElenaGallo where **Region of Interest** appear in the UI? I see "Area of interest" everywhere. It seems the documentation need to be fixed.

In particular, if our goal is to take a look at the Italian Regions that contain the Unesco sites with *serial code=1*, the operations to perform can be the following:

<video class="ms-docimage" controls><source src="../img/filtering-layers/layer_filter.mp4"/></video>

!!! note

>     In the [widgets](widgets.md) tool, the **Layer Filter** option is only available for [Maps](exploring-maps.md) and not for [Dashboards](exploring-dashboards.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The **Layer Filter** option is only available for [widgets](widgets.md) defined in [Map viewer](exploring-maps.md) and not for [Dashboards](exploring-dashboards.md) widgets.
```
